I have a prediction effect for you I
call this the impromptu suit prediction
trick now the beauty of this prediction
effect like on the title it's impromptu
so you can use just two orrow decks of
cards as long as there's all 52 playing
cards there no Jokers we don't need the
Joker's and the beauty of this
prediction is you can make the
prediction before the experiment even
begins so I have a prediction here
already written on a piece of paper and
the prediction I've made is about a
particular suit hence the title
impromptu suit prediction now i'm not
going to divulge what that suit is just
yet because it might influence on what
cards the spectator might choose and i
don't want them to to be biased towards
any suit so what i've done here we can
have the spectator actually mix the
cards if they like it doesn't really
matter because they're going to actually
choose from face-up deck of cards so
i'll spread out the spectators cards
here like this I'll spread up my cards
now what I ask suspected it a do is just
choose any card it doesn't matter what
bitches said I choose a diamond first
and now the only rules that we have to
go by here is we cannot choose a suit
that is already shown face up on the
table and at that moment so in other
words I can't choose a diamond right now
I have to but I can choose any other
suit so I'll just say a spade now The
Spectator when they go to choose their
card it's their turn now they can choose
any soup but the diamond or the Spade
now because those are the two suits that
are shown in place so let's say they
choose a club now I am going to choose
any soup as long as it's not a spade or
a club so I'll choose a diamond in this
case and we keep going back and forth
like this alternating until we've got
about a third of the deck use we're not
going to go through the whole deck it's
not necessary we just need about a third
of the deck though so I'll say the
specter
chooses they can choose it's a a heart
and I'll choose a spade now the
spectator again they can choose any card
either other than a heart or spayed so
let's say they choose a club and I'll
choose it's got to be hard to our
diamond because there's the two black
card so I'll choose a heart and let's
say the spectator chooses a diamond and
I'll choose a club and then the
spectator chooses a spade I'll choose a
diamond and then the spectator let's say
they choose a club and I'll choose a
heart let's say and the spectator again
they choose any soup other than a heart
or a club so let's say they choose a
spade now I have to choose a let's say
i'll choose a club and say the spectator
chooses a diamond and i'll choose a
heart and the spectator chooses a spade
and i'll choose a diamond spectator club
I'll say a heart and spectator chooses a
spade let's say i'll choose a club and
the spectator chooses a diamond i'll
choose a heart spectator or Spade and we
should have good enough cards I'll just
pick one more here I'll say a club that
should do that's about all we need now
as you can see we've got quite a variety
of random suits here a lot of spread
them out so you can see so we have quite
a quite a mix now what I'm going to do
is I'm just going to count my cards here
let's see I got one two three four five
six seven eight
9 10 11 12 13 14 cards so that means the
spectator should also i have 14 cards
and we need to know this because i'm
going to get a spectator to take both
packets and just do one rifle shuffle
just like so so the cards just mix
together like that and you can see that
they're just a random mixture of our
cards now and now we remember the number
14 so that we can deal out 14 cards so
we have to even piles of 14 so 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 so now we have
two piles of 14 we're going to call this
pile number one because this was the
first pile belt and we'll call this pile
number two now this an importance for
naming the piles pile one and pile too
because it has to do with the prediction
now in pile one let's just focus on pile
of one bird for a moment I'm going to
just set out organized the suits
together here before I reveal the
prediction just so you can see the
variance of you know the randomness of
suits we have here speeds here see
hopefully you can see all that okay I'll
just push these cards in Moore's get
that into view of the camera here ok so
there's clubs spades and diamonds so you
can see the variance of suits we have
here now this was pile number one now
let's just look at our prediction and
see what it says about my predicted suit
which I predicted using the diamond and
you can see it says here hopefully you
can see that okay that pile number one
contains three diamonds and that's
correct we have one two three diamonds
now hopefully we can continue with this
prediction and let's take a look upon
number two we'll set them out we should
have according to that piece of paper
you should have four diamonds up but
I'll just display all the seats here so
again
you can see how truly mix these are and
here's our diamonds we have four
diamonds just as stated on the
prediction for pack pile number two so I
hope you enjoyed that and I'll leave a
link to the tutorial soon and yeah thank
you for watching